ff6wc/gated-tracker.md, before:

# FF6WC Gated Tracker Setup
The following guide must be complete in its entirety for the tracker to work: 

## [Setup QUsb2Snes](./qusb2snes.md)
<br>
<br>

# Step 0 - Connect your device to Qusb2Snes
Complete Step 4 in the [Qusb2Snes guide](./qusb2snes.md)

# Step 1 - Open the tracker
Visit https://tracker.kielbasiago.com - It will not work right away, this is expected

# Step 2 - Whitelist the tracker
 **IMPORTANT** You will need to whitelist the browser url before continuining. This can be done in one of two ways:
- In your qusb2snes folder there is a `config.ini` file.
    -  There is a `trustedOrigin` line, update it to use `https://tracker.kielbasiago.com` and `https://kielbasiago.com`
    -  When all is said and done it should look like this:
        - `trustedOrigin=";https://tracker.kielbasiago.com;https://kielbasiago.com"`
- Your first attempt to use the tracker should show you a prompt. Click "Yes" to whitelist it: ![TRUST KIEL](https://kielbasiago.com/assets/3-trust-kiel.png)


# Step 3 - Restart the tracker 
Visit or refresh https://tracker.kielbasiago.com 

<br>

# Step 4 Test Connection
## Successful Connection 
You will see the following if you are successfully connected: 

![connected successfully](https://i.imgur.com/MxaWnV6.png)

<br>

## Unsuccessful Connection

 You will see the following if there is an error: 
 
 ![tracker error](https://i.imgur.com/kS0ocIE.png)

This means there was an intermittent error with Qusb2Snes. We don't get much context from it. If you are seeing this ensure steps 4 and 2 are complete.

# Help
Post for assistance in the [FF6WC](https://ff6wc.com/) discord #trackers channel if any issues or questions arise

Commit message:

add sni > move qusb setup to old folder

ff6wc/gated-tracker.md, after:

# FF6WC Gated Tracker Setup
The following guide must be complete in its entirety for the tracker to work: 

### [Setup SNI](./sni.md)
<br>
<br>

# Step 0 - Connect your device to SNI
- Complete Steps 1-5 in the [SNI guide](./sni.md)
- Ensure SNI is running

# Step 1 - Open your game
- Start the game

# Step 2 - Open the tracker
Visit https://tracker.kielbasiago.com
- If receiving a disconnect message, it is possible an error has occurred

<br>

# Step 3 Test Connection
## Successful Connection 
You will see the following if the tracker is successfully connected: 

![connected successfully](https://i.imgur.com/MxaWnV6.png)

---------------

## Unsuccessful Connection

 You will see the following if there is an error: 
 
 ![tracker error](https://i.imgur.com/kS0ocIE.png)

This means there was an intermittent error with SNI. 

If you are seeing this ensure steps 0 is completed and the game is running.

# Help
If having issues connecting to SNI please do the following:

- Restart SNI
- Right click SNI > Click "Show Console"
- Restart the tracker and get to the "Disconnected" state
- Post the log to the [FF6WC discord](https://ff6wc.com/discord) `#trackers` channel
